sdk/queue/README.MD, before:

# Proca SDK: queue helpers

Proca server pushes actions through AMQP queues, to which you can plug in your microservice.
This module provides few helpers to work with queues.

## TypeScript types

- `ActionMessageV2` - a type describing message with an action data
- `EventMessageV2` - a type describing message with an event data

## Functions

- `syncQueue(url, queueName, callback, options)` - Start reading actions and events from `queueName` queue from AMQP server at `url`. For each action or event, `callback` is called.
  - options is a map with:
    - `prefetch` - if set, set number of messages to prefetch from queue
    - `keyStore` - decryption key store (see `@proca/crypto` module) if PII of supporters is to be decrypted

  - Callback signature is: `async callback(action : ActionMessageV2 | EventMessageV2, msg? : amqplib.Message, channel? : amqplib.Channel)`

  - This function will gracefully shutdown consuming actions if one of the callbacks throws an exception, even if multiple callbacks are concurrently run (for prefetch > 1)

- `testQueue(url, queueName)` - If queue `queueName` exists on AMQP server `url`, return its stats

## AMQP authentication

Use HTTP Basic Auth inlined in url to authenticate to AMQP server (eg. `amqps://username:password@example.com:1572`).

Commit message:

@proca/queue - add info on callback return Promise

sdk/queue/README.MD, after:

# Proca SDK: queue helpers

Proca server pushes actions through AMQP queues, to which you can plug in your microservice.
This module provides few helpers to work with queues.

## TypeScript types

- `ActionMessageV2` - a type describing message with an action data
- `EventMessageV2` - a type describing message with an event data

## Functions

- `syncQueue(url, queueName, callback, options)` - Start reading actions and events from `queueName` queue from AMQP server at `url`. For each action or event, `callback` is called.
  - options is a map with:
    - `prefetch` - if set, set number of messages to prefetch from queue
    - `keyStore` - decryption key store (see `@proca/crypto` module) if PII of supporters is to be decrypted

  - Callback signature is: `async callback(action : ActionMessageV2 |
    EventMessageV2, msg? : amqplib.Message, channel? : amqplib.Channel)`. The
    callback returns a promise, which if successful will result in ACKing the
    message, and if unsuccessful with NACK the message and RabbitMQ server will
    re-queue the message.

  - This function will gracefully shutdown consuming actions if one of the
    callbacks throws an exception, even if multiple callbacks are concurrently
    run (for prefetch > 1)

- `testQueue(url, queueName)` - If queue `queueName` exists on AMQP server `url`, return its stats

## AMQP authentication

Use HTTP Basic Auth inlined in url to authenticate to AMQP server (eg. `amqps://username:password@example.com:1572`).
